Changelog for 8.2.1. (#3009)
AzureAD/azure-activedirectory-identitymodel-extensions-for-dotnet: CHANGELOG.md

See the [releases](https://github.com/AzureAD/azure-activedirectory-identitymodel-extensions-for-dotnet/releases) for details on bug fixes and added features.

8.2.1
=====
### New features
- Update to use .NET 9 GA. See [2990](https://github.com/AzureAD/azure-activedirectory-identitymodel-extensions-for-dotnet/pull/2990).

### Bug fixes
- Remove dependency on Microsoft.Bcl.TimeProvider for .NET 8+ targets. See [2935](https://github.com/AzureAD/azure-activedirectory-identitymodel-extensions-for-dotnet/pull/2935).
- Update cgmanifest to align with the JSON schema. See [2969](https://github.com/AzureAD/azure-activedirectory-identitymodel-extensions-for-dotnet/pull/2969).

### Fundamentals

> - Streamline token creation in `SecurityTokenDescriptor`. See [2993](https://github.com/AzureAD/azure-activedirectory-identitymodel-extensions-for-dotnet/issues/2993).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Streamline token creation by using `SecurityTokenDescriptor`. See [2993](https://github.com/AzureAD/azure-activedirectory-identitymodel-extensions-for-dotnet/issues/2993).
```

- Prevent inlining to guarantee stack frames in test. See [2999](https://github.com/AzureAD/azure-activedirectory-identitymodel-extensions-for-dotnet/issues/2999).

### Work related to redesign of IdentityModel's token validation logic [#2711](https://github.com/AzureAD/azure-activedirectory-identitymodel-extensions-for-dotnet/issues/2711)

> - Simplify stack frame caching. See [2976](https://github.com/AzureAD/azure-activedirectory-identitymodel-extensions-for-dotnet/pull/2976).

Reviewer: The name on this one was confusing, but this is more in line with what the change actually does:
```suggestion
- Add stack frame caching. See [2976](https://github.com/AzureAD/azure-activedirectory-identitymodel-extensions-for-dotnet/pull/2976).
```

Reviewer 2: We had stack frame caching before. This PR simplified the way we did it.

> - Implement reading SAML and SAML2 tokens. See [2980](https://github.com/AzureAD/azure-activedirectory-identitymodel-extensions-for-dotnet/pull/2980).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Implement new model for reading SAML and SAML2 tokens. See [2980](https://github.com/AzureAD/azure-activedirectory-identitymodel-extensions-for-dotnet/pull/2980).
```

> - Implement validating SAML signature. See [2950](https://github.com/AzureAD/azure-activedirectory-identitymodel-extensions-for-dotnet/issues/2950).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Implement new model for validating SAML signature. See [2950](https://github.com/AzureAD/azure-activedirectory-identitymodel-extensions-for-dotnet/issues/2950).
```

- Add tests for `IssuerExtensibility`. See [2987](https://github.com/AzureAD/azure-activedirectory-identitymodel-extensions-for-dotnet/pull/2987).

> - Add validation for SAML and SAML2 issuer signing key. See [2965](https://github.com/AzureAD/azure-activedirectory-identitymodel-extensions-for-dotnet/pull/2965).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Switch to new validation model for SAML and SAML2 issuer signing key. See [2965](https://github.com/AzureAD/azure-activedirectory-identitymodel-extensions-for-dotnet/pull/2965).
```

> - Add validation for SAML and SAML2 algorithm. See [2984](https://github.com/AzureAD/azure-activedirectory-identitymodel-extensions-for-dotnet/pull/2984).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Switch to new validation model for SAML and SAML2 algorithm. See [2984](https://github.com/AzureAD/azure-activedirectory-identitymodel-extensions-for-dotnet/pull/2984).
```
